Add special consideration for Archlinux (#5673)
ziglang/zig: README.md

make install
```

Some special considerations for specific hosts:

> ###### Archlinux

Reviewer: Nit: This is how Arch Linux formats its own title.
```suggestion
###### Arch Linux
```

Author: Nice, thanks! I'll make sure to fix that in the wiki :-)

>   Currently, the Clang package distributed via official Pacman sources isn't built with shared libraries, therefore, it is not possible to link

Reviewer 2: Remove 'currently' this will continue to be the case.

And that the cause is it doesn't ship with *static* libraries; it is built with shared ones.

Note that the zig cmake flag is required because of an upstream LLVM issue. See https://github.com/ziglang/zig/issues/4799#issuecomment-611886454 for details. The arch bug tracker link isn't appropriate.

Author: Thanks for pointers! Updated, have a look and lemme know what you reckon!

Reviewer 2: seems reasonable now :)

>   Currently, the Clang package distributed via official Pacman sources isn't built with shared libraries, therefore, it is not possible to link

Author: ```suggestion
The Clang package distributed via official Pacman sources isn't built with static libraries, therefore, it is not possible to statically link
```

>   against individual Clang libs. Instead, one should link against `libclang-cpp.so`. More on this [here](https://bugs.archlinux.org/task/66283).

Author: ```suggestion
  against individual Clang libs. Instead, one should link against the shared lib `libclang-cpp.so`.
```

> Thus, when building on Archlinux, you need to pass `ZIG_PREFER_CLANG_CPP_DYLIB` flag set to true like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, when building on Arch Linux, you need to pass `ZIG_PREFER_CLANG_CPP_DYLIB` flag set to true like so:
```
